Documentation updates (#3943)
cocotb/cocotb: docs/source/quickstart.rst

* the default simulator to use (:make:var:`SIM`),
* the default language of the toplevel module or entity (:make:var:`TOPLEVEL_LANG`, ``verilog`` in our case),
* the design source files (:make:var:`VERILOG_SOURCES` and :make:var:`VHDL_SOURCES`),
* the toplevel module or entity to instantiate (:envvar:`COCOTB_TOPLEVEL`, ``my_design`` in our case),

> * and a Python module that contains our cocotb tests (:envvar:`COCOTB_TEST_MODULES`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* and Python modules that contain our cocotb tests (:envvar:`COCOTB_TEST_MODULES`).
```
